Total length: 34981 chars
Defined terms found: 1
Force Majeure Event

=== FULL TEXT 8000-16000 ===
 directly or indirectly replaced; and

(f) No rule of construction or interpretation shall apply to the disadvantage or
detriment of the Party having control or being responsible for the preparation of

; this Agreement.

2. PROVISION OF SERVICES

2.1 The Parties hereby agree that Service Provider shall, from the Effective Date, in terms of
this Agreement, render services to TATA in accordance with the details and timelines, as
more particularly set out in Schedule I hereto (“Services”).

2.2 In providing the Services, the Service Provider shall:

(a) take due care in providing the Services to TATA;

(b) comply with all applicable laws, regulations and guidelines in the provision of the
Services;

(c) ensure that the Services are provided efficiently, observing the highest standards,
in a professional manner and according to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement and as acceptable to the TATA; and

(d) comply with requests of TATA in relation to the provision of the Services as per
the terms of the Agreement.

. 2.3 The Service Provider further undertakes to provide such information in relation to the

Services and at such intervals as TATA may reasonably require.

2.4 Upon identifying or being notified by TATA of any problem with any of the Services, the
Service Provider shall initiate such investigative and remedial measures as are appropriate
to the satisfaction of TATA.

2.5 TATA and the Service Provider may from time to time with mutual agreement amend the

scope of the Services by amending Schedule I in accordance with the provisions of this
Agreement.

2.6 The Service Provider acknowledges that time is of essence for this Agreement and
undertakes to provide quality professional services in a timely manner.

2.7 Service Provider shall obtain, keep valid and subsisting, and comply with the conditions
of, all permits, licenses, authorizations and consents as may be required from time to time
in respect of and in relation to the performance of its obligations under this Agreement.

3. SERVICE FEE

3.1 In consideration of the Service Provider providing the Services, a fee as set out in
Schedule I (“Service Fee’’) shall be payable to the Service Provider.

3.2 All payments under this Agreement shall be subject to deduction of tax at source, if
applicable, as per prevailing laws. The Party deducting any tax at source pursuant to any
NG *:

applicable law shall deliver to the other Party, TDS certificates in accordance with the

provisions of such law.

. 3.4 The payments due under this Agreement are expressed exclusive of Goods and Services

Tax that may be payable by reference to the Service Fee, and it shall be paid by the

Service Provider, subject to the same being marked separately in the invoice along with

all relevant GST registration details.

4, PROJECT MANAGER
4.1 TATA may assign a representative (‘TATA Manager”) for coordination with the
Service Provider Manager to review performance of this Agreement, resolutions of
problems and other activities to facilitate success of this Agreement.
4.2 TATA shall send written notice to the Service Provider 14 (fourteen) days in advance
; about change of TATA Manager at any time during the term of this Agreement.
5. TEAM STRUCTURE
5.1 The Team Structure of Crayons for providing the services as per the Scope of work to the
client is mentioned in the Schedule-III
6. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
6.1 The Service Provider represents and warrants to TATA that:

(a) it has the requisite rights, power and authority to provide the information,
specifications, data, work for hire and Services that it has or shall provide
pursuant to this Agreement and that possession and use of such information,
specifications, data, work for hire and Services shall, at no point in time, whether

. during or after expiry / termination of this Agreement, constitute an
infringement, or threaten infringement, of any patent, copyright, trade secret, or
any other Intellectual Property Right of any third party or give rise to any claims
of any nature on TATA by any third party;

(b) the execution and delivery of this Agreement by it, the performance by it of its
obligations hereunder and compliance by it with the provisions hereof will not

; violate, contravene or breach or create a default under any agreement,
instrument, charter or by-law provision, statute, regulation, judgment, ordinance,
decree, writ, injunction or applicable law;

(c) it has all necessary licenses, permits, approvals, consents and sanctions as may
be necessary or required from time to time under Applicable Law or regulation
or otherwise for performance by it of all its duties, obligations, Services and
responsibilities hereunder;

(d) it has the requisite experience, knowledge, expertise, capability, availability of
manpower and infrastructure necessary to effectively and properly provide the
Services to the satisfaction of TATA and that the Services provided under this
Agreement shall be performed with the highest degree of skill and judgment and

as per the good industry practice.

7. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

71 Each Party owns all right, title and interest in its respective Intellectual Property and
nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to create any right of ownership or any other
right or interest of any Party over the Intellectual Property of the other Party.

. 7.2 The Service Provider acknowledges and agrees that the Services are performed and
provided under this Agreement on a “work for hire” basis and TATA shall own all
Intellectual Property Rights contained in and with respect to the Services, including
without limitation, all modifications, adaptations, enhancements and/or derivative works
thereof, free from any lien or encumbrances (of any nature whatsoever). Service Provider
shall execute the necessary documents to solely and exclusively vest all the foregoing
rights in the Services with TATA..

73 The Service Provider undertakes that it shall not use any or otherwise any work product
resulting from the Services and/or Intellectual Property Rights of TATA in any manner
whatsoever for itself or for any client other than TATA, at any time.

, 74 Service Provider shall also, under no circumstances whatsoever, use any Intellectual
Property Right of TATA for any purpose other than providing Services to TATA.

7.5 Service Provider acknowledges and agrees that it shall not use TATA’s Intellectual
Property including its company name, trademarks, logos, patterns, advertising material
and product representations, know-how, in any country and for any reason whatsoever or
identify itself to be associated with TATA in any form or manner without prior written
permission of TATA.

8. FORCE MAJEURE

8.1 Neither Party shall be liable to the other Party for any delay or non-performance of its
obligations under this Agreement arising from any cause beyond its reasonable control
including any act of God, war, pandemic, epidemic, fire, flood, explosion, power
blackout, political unrest (a “Force Majeure Event”). The affected Party (‘Force
Majeure Party”) shall promptly notify the other Party (“Non-Force Majeure Party”)
orally or in writing, as the circumstances warrant, of the cause and the Force Majeure
Event and its likely duration. If performance as per the terms of this Agreement is not
resumed within 30 (Thirty) days after the Force Majeure Event, then the Non-Force
Majeure Party may terminate this Agreement at its sole discretion.

8.2 On the occurrence of any Force Majeure Event, both Parties shall use reasonable efforts
to perform the obligations under this Agreement during the period of suspension.

9. TERM AND TERMINATION

9.1 This Agreement shall be effective from the date of its execution and shall remain valid for
a period of | year, unless mutually extended by the Parties in writing or terminated earlier
pursuant to terms hereof (“Term”).

9.2 This Agreement may, however, be, terminated:

(a) upon mutual agreement of the Parties;
(b) in acc